This is Eun Chang-su.
You know my daughter's
being held hostage, right?
Could you order your agents
to release my daughter right away?
Then meet our demand first.
Send us 300 million dollars in three days.
Pardon?
But you agreed to receive it
after the operation was over.
If you don't send it to us in three days,
all of the hostages will die.
What?
Are you kidding me?
Remember. You have three days.
Hello?
KILL ALL HOSTAGES DAY BEFORE ELECTION
DIRECTOR EUN CHANG-SU
God damn it!
No change in Mount Myohyang's location.
My father is still
the director of the UFD.
Then he has…
abandoned me?
Please give me a ride to Pyongyang.
My sister's sick. Please help her!
Come on.
-We have no time for that.
-Yes, sir.
My father died trying to save other people
when the mine collapsed.
So in my father's place,
shouldn't the party save my sister?
What are you doing? Go away!
Please give me a ride to Pyongyang.
We even got kicked out
of the train because we had no pass!
If you give us a ride,
I'll make sure to repay you.
-Come here!
-Please help us!
Please! My sister's sick!
Please help her!
If you give us a ride,
I'll make sure to repay you.
Repay me?
How?
I will do anything.
If you tell me to die, I will!
You're hungry, aren't you?
This won't do. Demand some more food.